gh-132983: Add documentation for compression.zstd (#133911)
python/cpython: Doc/library/compression.zstd.rst

This module provides classes and convenience functions for compressing and
decompressing data using the Zstandard (or "zstd") compression algorithm. Also
included is a file interface supporting reading and writing contents of ``.zst``
files created from the :program:`zstd` utility, as well as raw zstd compressed
streams.

The :mod:`compression.zstd` module contains:

* The :func:`.open` function and :class:`ZstdFile` class for reading and
  writing compressed files.
* The :class:`ZstdCompressor` and :class:`ZstdDecompressor` classes for
  incremental (de)compression.
* The :func:`compress` and :func:`decompress` functions for one-shot
  (de)compression.
* The :func:`train_dict` and :func:`finalize_dict` functions and the
  :class:`ZstdDict` class to train and manage Zstandard dictionaries.
* The :class:`CompressionParameter`, :class:`DecompressionParameter`, and
  :class:`Strategy` classes for setting advanced (de)compression parameters.

.. exception:: ZstdError

   This exception is raised when an error occurs during compression or
   decompression, or while initializing the (de)compressor state.

Reading and writing compressed files
------------------------------------

> .. function:: open(file, /, mode="rb", *, level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None, encoding=None, errors=None, newline=None)

Reviewer: wrap lines
```suggestion
.. function:: open(file, /, mode='rb', *, level=None, options=None, \
                   zstd_dict=None, encoding=None, errors=None, newline=None)
```

   providing advanced decompression parameters, see
   :class:`DecompressionParameter` for detailed information about supported
   parameters. The *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance to be
   used during decompression. When opening a file for reading, the *level*
   argument should not be used.

   When opening a file for writing, the *options* argument can be a dictionary
   providing advanced decompression parameters, see
   :class:`CompressionParameter` for detailed information about supported
   parameters. The *level* argument is the compression level to use when
   writing compressed data. Only one of *level* or *options* may be passed. The
   *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance to be used during
   compression.

   For binary mode, this function is equivalent to the :class:`ZstdFile`
   constructor: ``ZstdFile(file, mode, ...)``. In this case, the
   *encoding*, *errors* and *newline* parameters must not be provided.

   For text mode, a :class:`ZstdFile` object is created, and wrapped in an
   :class:`io.TextIOWrapper` instance with the specified encoding, error handling
   behavior, and line ending(s).

> .. class:: ZstdFile(file, /, mode="r", *, level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. class:: ZstdFile(file, /, mode='r', *, level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None)
```

   *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance to be used during
   compression.

   When opening a file for writing, the *options*, *zstd_dict* and *level*
   arguments have the same meanings as for :class:`ZstdCompressor`.

   :class:`ZstdFile` supports all the members specified by
   :class:`io.BufferedIOBase`, except for :meth:`~io.BufferedIOBase.detach`
   and :meth:`~io.IOBase.truncate`.
   Iteration and the :keyword:`with` statement are supported.

   The following method and attributes are also provided:

   .. method:: peek(size=-1)

      Return buffered data without advancing the file position. At least one
      byte of data will be returned, unless EOF has been reached. The exact
      number of bytes returned is unspecified (the *size* argument is ignored).

      .. note:: While calling :meth:`peek` does not change the file position of
         the :class:`ZstdFile`, it may change the position of the underlying
         file object (e.g. if the :class:`ZstdFile` was constructed by passing a
         file object for *filename*).

   .. attribute:: mode

      ``'rb'`` for reading and ``'wb'`` for writing.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   .. attribute:: name

>       The zstd file name. Equivalent to the :attr:`~io.FileIO.name`

Reviewer: I think 'zstd' here is incorrect / should be avoided
```suggestion
      The name of the Zstandard file. Equivalent to the :attr:`~io.FileIO.name`
```

        Non-zero means the dictionary is ordinary, created by Zstandard
        functions and following the Zstandard format.

        ``0`` means a "raw content" dictionary, free of any format restriction,
        used for advanced users.

        .. note::

            The meaning of ``0`` for :attr:`ZstdDict.dict_id` is different from
            the ``dictionary_id`` argument to the :func:`get_frame_info`
            function.

    .. attribute:: as_digested_dict

        Load as a digested dictionary, see below.

    .. attribute:: as_undigested_dict

        Load as an undigested dictionary.

        Digesting a dictionary is a costly operation. These two attributes can
        control how the dictionary is loaded to the compressor, by passing them
        as the ``zstd_dict`` argument, e.g.
        ``compress(data, zstd_dict=zd.as_digested_dict)``.

        If don't use one of these attributes, an **undigested** dictionary is
        passed by default.

        .. list-table:: Difference for compression
            :widths: 12 12 12
            :header-rows: 1

            * -
              - | Digested

>                 | dictionary

Reviewer: Is the use of line-blocks (`|`) intentional?

Author: Not particularly no. This is based on the table in the pyzstd docs. I think these should probably be removed (I'll push a commit later to do so).

      decompression speed, but decrease ratio. Note that Zstandard can still
      find matches of smaller size, it just tweaks its search algorithm to look
      for this size and larger. Note that currently, for all strategies
      < :attr:`~Strategy.btopt`, the effective minimum is ``4``, for all
      strategies > :attr:`~Strategy.fast`, the effective maximum is ``6``.

   .. attribute:: target_length

      The impact of this field depends on the selected :class:`Strategy`.

      For strategies :attr:`~Strategy.btopt`, :attr:`~Strategy.btultra` and
      :attr:`~Strategy.btultra2`, the values is the length of a match
      considered "good enough" to stop searching. Larger values make
      compression ratios better, but compresses slower.

      For strategy :attr:`~Strategy.fast`, it is the distance between match
      sampling. Larger values make compression faster, but with a worse
      compression ratio.

   .. attribute:: strategy

      The higher the value of selected strategy, the more complex the
      compression technique used by zstd, resulting in higher compression
      ratios but slower compression.

>       .. seealso::
>          :class:`Strategy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      .. seealso:: :class:`Strategy`
```

.. class:: DecompressionParameter()

   An :class:`~enum.IntEnum` containing the advanced decompression parameter
   names that can be used when decompressing data.

   The :meth:`~.bounds` method can be used on any attribute to get the valid
   values for that parameter.

   .. method:: bounds()

      Return the tuple of int bounds, ``(lower, upper)``, of a decompression
      parameter. This method should be called on the attribute you wish to
      retrieve the bounds of. For example, to get the valid values for
      :attr:`~.window_log_max`, one may check the result of
      ``CompressionParameter.window_log_max.bounds()``.

      Both the lower and upper bounds are inclusive.

   .. attribute:: window_log_max

      The power of two maximum size of the window used during decompression.
      This can be useful to limit the amount of memory used when decompressing
      data.

.. class:: Strategy()

   An :class:`~enum.IntEnum` containing strategies for compression.
   Higher-numbered strategies correspond to more complex and slower
   compression.

   .. note::

      The values of attributes of :class:`Strategy` are not necessarily stable

>       between zstd versions. Only the ordering may be relied upon.

Reviewer: I think we should rephrase, there shouldn't be an expectation that the Python user is able to control their zstd version (e.g. Windows, or a linux redistribuition)

Author: Yeah this should be rephrased. I don't mean to imply that the user should change their zstd version, merely that across different versions (different Python versions/OS/distro/etc.) the values could theoretically not be stable.

Author: I tried modifying this a little. If it's still unclear I can try again.

   The following strategies are available:

   .. attribute:: fast

   .. attribute:: dfast

   .. attribute:: greedy

   .. attribute:: lazy

   .. attribute:: lazy2

   .. attribute:: btlazy2

   .. attribute:: btopt

   .. attribute:: btultra

   .. attribute:: btultra2

Miscellaneous
-------------

.. function:: get_frame_info(frame_buffer)

>    Retrieve a :class:`FrameInfo`, containing metadata about a Zstandard frame.
>    Frames contain metadata related to the compressed data they hold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Retrieve a :class:`FrameInfo` object containing metadata about a Zstandard
   frame. Frames contain metadata related to the compressed data they hold.
```

> .. class:: FrameInfo()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. class:: FrameInfo
```

   Metadata related to a Zstandard frame. There are currently two attributes
   containing metadata related to Zstandard frames.

   .. attribute:: decompressed_size

      The size of the decompressed contents of the frame.

   .. attribute:: dictionary_id

      An int object representing the Zstandard dictionary ID needed for
      decompressing the frame. ``0`` means the dictionary ID was not
      recorded in the frame header, the frame may or may not need a dictionary
      to be decoded, or the ID of such a dictionary is not specified.

.. attribute:: COMPRESSION_LEVEL_DEFAULT

   The default compression level for Zstandard, currently '3'.

.. attribute:: zstd_version_info

>    Version number of the runtime zstd library as a tuple of int

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Version number of the runtime zstd library as a tuple of integers
```

   (major, minor, release).

Examples
--------

> Reading in a compressed file::
> 

Reviewer: we prefer `code-block` for new docs
```suggestion
Reading in a compressed file:

.. code-block:: python
```

   from compression import zstd
   with zstd.open("file.zst") as f:
       file_content = f.read()

> Creating a compressed file::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a compressed file:

.. code-block:: python
```

   from compression import zstd
   data = b"Insert Data Here"
   with zstd.open("file.zst", "w") as f:
       f.write(data)

> Compressing data in memory::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compressing data in memory:

.. code-block:: python
```

   from compression import zstd
   data_in = b"Insert Data Here"
   data_out = zstd.compress(data_in)

> Incremental compression::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incremental compression:

.. code-block:: python
```

   from compression import zstd
   comp = zstd.ZstdCompressor()
   out1 = comp.compress(b"Some data\n")
   out2 = comp.compress(b"Another piece of data\n")
   out3 = comp.compress(b"Even more data\n")
   out4 = comp.flush()
   # Concatenate all the partial results:
   result = b"".join([out1, out2, out3, out4])

> Writing compressed data to an already-open file::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Writing compressed data to an already-open file:

.. code-block:: python
```

   from compression import zstd
   with open("file.zst", "wb") as f:
       f.write(b"This data will not be compressed\n")
       with zstd.open(f, "w") as zstf:
           zstf.write(b"This *will* be compressed\n")
       f.write(b"Not compressed\n")

> Creating a compressed file using compression parameters::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a compressed file using compression parameters:

.. code-block:: python
```

:mod:`!compression.zstd` --- Compression compatible with the Zstandard format
=============================================================================

.. module:: compression.zstd
   :synopsis: Low-level interface to compression and decompression routines in
              Meta's zstd library

.. versionadded:: 3.14

**Source code:** :source:`Lib/compression/zstd/__init__.py`

--------------

This module provides classes and functions for compressing and
decompressing data using the Zstandard (or *zstd*) compression algorithm. Also
included is a file interface that supports reading and writing the contents of
``.zst`` files created by the :program:`zstd` utility, as well as raw zstd
compressed streams.

The :mod:`!compression.zstd` module contains:

> * The :func:`.open` function and :class:`ZstdFile` class for reading and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The :func:`open` function and :class:`ZstdFile` class for reading and
```
It seems wrong yet it renders ok?

Author: I believe this is correct, ref https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/domains/python.html#target-resolution

  writing compressed files.
* The :class:`ZstdCompressor` and :class:`ZstdDecompressor` classes for
  incremental (de)compression.
* The :func:`compress` and :func:`decompress` functions for one-shot
  (de)compression.
* The :func:`train_dict` and :func:`finalize_dict` functions and the
  :class:`ZstdDict` class to train and manage Zstandard dictionaries.
* The :class:`CompressionParameter`, :class:`DecompressionParameter`, and
  :class:`Strategy` classes for setting advanced (de)compression parameters.

Exceptions
----------

.. exception:: ZstdError

   This exception is raised when an error occurs during compression or
   decompression, or while initializing the (de)compressor state.

Reading and writing compressed files
------------------------------------

.. function:: open(file, /, mode='rb', *, level=None, options=None, \
                   zstd_dict=None, encoding=None, errors=None, newline=None)

   Open a Zstandard-compressed file in binary or text mode, returning a
   :term:`file object`.

>    The *file* argument can be either an actual file name (given as a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The *file* argument can be either a file name (given as a
```
[That *file name* is definitely an *actual file name*.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZw35VUBdzo)

Author: Thanks I missed updating this when I updated filename to file.

   :class:`str`, :class:`bytes` or :term:`path-like <path-like object>` object),
   in which case the named file is opened, or it can be an existing file object
   to read from or write to.

   The mode argument can be either ``'r'`` for reading (default), ``'w'`` for
   overwriting, ``'a'`` for appending, or ``'x'`` for exclusive creation. These
   can equivalently be given as ``'rb'``, ``'wb'``, ``'ab'``, and ``'xb'``
   respectively. You may also open in text mode with ``'rt'``, ``'wt'``,
   ``'at'``, and ``'xt'`` respectively.

   When opening a file for reading, the *options* argument can be a dictionary
   providing advanced decompression parameters; see
   :class:`DecompressionParameter` for detailed information about supported
   parameters. The *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance to be
   used during decompression. When opening a file for reading, if the *level*

>    argument is passed, a :exc:`!TypeError` will be raised.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   argument is not None, a :exc:`!TypeError` will be raised.
```

Assuming the default value is None as in the signature.

Similar confusion of omitting vs passing None for _level_ and _options_ in compress mode, and with the text encoding parameters in binary mode. And under ZstdFile and _compress_.

>    argument is passed a :exc:`!TypeError` will be raised.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   argument is passed, a :exc:`!TypeError` will be raised.
```

   :class:`io.TextIOWrapper` instance with the specified encoding, error
   handling behavior, and line endings.

.. class:: ZstdFile(file, /, mode='r', *, level=None, options=None, \
                    zstd_dict=None)

   Open a Zstandard-compressed file in binary mode.

   A :class:`ZstdFile` can wrap an already-open :term:`file object`, or operate
   directly on a named file. The *file* argument specifies either the file
   object to wrap, or the name of the file to open (as a :class:`str`,
   :class:`bytes` or :term:`path-like <path-like object>` object). If
   wrapping an existing file object, the wrapped file will not be closed when
   the :class:`ZstdFile` is closed.

   The *mode* argument can be either ``'r'`` for reading (default), ``'w'`` for
   overwriting, ``'x'`` for exclusive creation, or ``'a'`` for appending. These
   can equivalently be given as ``'rb'``, ``'wb'``, ``'xb'`` and ``'ab'``
   respectively.

   If *file* is a file object (rather than an actual file name), a mode of
   ``'w'`` does not truncate the file, and is instead equivalent to ``'a'``.

   When opening a file for reading, the *options* argument can be a dictionary

>    providing advanced decompression parameters, see

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   providing advanced decompression parameters; see
```

Also applies in next paragraph on compressing.

   .. method:: peek(size=-1)

      Return buffered data without advancing the file position. At least one
      byte of data will be returned, unless EOF has been reached. The exact
      number of bytes returned is unspecified (the *size* argument is ignored).

      .. note:: While calling :meth:`peek` does not change the file position of
         the :class:`ZstdFile`, it may change the position of the underlying
         file object (for example, if the :class:`ZstdFile` was constructed by
         passing a file object for *file*).

   .. attribute:: mode

      ``'rb'`` for reading and ``'wb'`` for writing.

   .. attribute:: name

      The name of the Zstandard file. Equivalent to the :attr:`~io.FileIO.name`
      attribute of the underlying :term:`file object`.

Compressing and decompressing data in memory
--------------------------------------------

.. function:: compress(data, level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None)

   Compress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning the compressed
   data as a :class:`bytes` object.

   The *level* argument is an int object controlling the level of
   compression. Refer to :meth:`CompressionParameter.bounds` to get the

>    values that can be passed for *level*. If advanced compression options are

Reviewer 4: Clarification: the upper and lower bounds are specific to that `CompressionParameter` instance? Is there a default range one is most likely to expect?

Reviewer 3: Reading between the lines, it sounds like _level_ may be another way of passing a _CompressionParameter.compression_level_ option, but it’s not clear. So I presume you’d actually have to call something like CompressionParameter.compression_level.bounds() for the _bounds_ method to work. Worth making explicit?

The only compression level values I’ve seen are 16+ (mentioned offhand under _enable_long_distance_matching_) and COMPRESSION_LEVEL_DEFAULT = 3. In order to use _level_ I think I would need more details, prior knowledge, or have to refer to external documentation or source code.

These comments also apply to the ZstdCompressor class below.

Author: > Worth making explicit?

Yeah, I'd like to do so but I don't think sphinx understands IntEnums so I can't refer to the bounds reference and say `CompressionParameter.compression_level.bounds()`. Perhaps I can say (paraphrasing) "use `CompressionParameter.compression_level.bounds()`; refer to `bounds()` (a reference link) for details."

Reviewer 3: Something like “_level_ is an alternative to _CompressionParameter.compression_level_” (if actually true) would be a start. You could also say “call _bounds_ on _compression_level_ to get the range of values for _level_” if you want, but that doesn’t seem so important if the link between _level_ and _compression_level_ is already make clear.

   containing trained data used during compression. This must be
   the same Zstandard dictionary used during compression.

   If *data* is the concatenation of multiple distinct compressed frames,
   decompress all of these frames, and return the concatenation of the results.

.. class:: ZstdCompressor(level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None)

   Create a compressor object, which can be used to compress data incrementally.

   For a more convenient way of compressing a single chunk of data, see the
   module-level function :func:`compress`.

   The *level* argument is an int object controlling the level of
   compression. Refer to :meth:`CompressionParameter.bounds` to get the
   values that can be passed for *level*. If advanced compression options are
   needed, this argument must be omitted and in the *options* dictionary the
   :attr:`CompressionParameter.compression_level` parameter should be set.

   The *options* argument is a Python dictionary containing advanced compression
   parameters. The valid keys and values for compression parameters are
   documented as part of the :class:`CompressionParameter` documentation.

>    The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The *zstd_dict* argument is an optional instance of :class:`ZstdDict`
```

Also under _compress_, _decompress_, and ZstdDecompressor.

      immediately. This mode optimizes the compression ratio by maximizing the
      amount of data per block and frame.

   .. attribute:: FLUSH_BLOCK

      Complete and write a block to the data stream. The data returned so far
      can be immediately decompressed. Past data can still be referenced in
      future blocks generated by calls to :meth:`~.compress`,
      improving compression.

   .. attribute:: FLUSH_FRAME

      Complete and write out a frame. Future data provided to
      :meth:`~.compress` will be written into a new frame and
      *cannot* reference past data.

   .. method:: compress(data, mode=ZstdCompressor.CONTINUE)

      Compress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning a :class:`bytes`
      object if possible, or an empty byte string otherwise. Some of *data* may
      be buffered internally, for use in later calls to
      :meth:`!compress` and :meth:`~.flush`. The
      returned data should be concatenated with the output of any previous calls
      to :meth:`~.compress`.

      The *mode* argument is a :class:`ZstdCompressor` attribute, either
      :attr:`~.CONTINUE`, :attr:`~.FLUSH_BLOCK`,
      or :attr:`~.FLUSH_FRAME`.

>       When all data has been provided to the compressor, call the

Reviewer 3: Does this include when generating an empty frame, and _compress_ is never called? If so, maybe move this paragraph up to the general ZstdCompressor description, or down under the _flush_ method itself?

On the other hand, is calling _flush_ necessary if I have already passed FLUSH_FRAME to _compress_? Does that generate one or two frames?

Author: Yeah I think moving this up makes a lot of sense.

Author: I actually added a bit about what happens if you call compress with flush with both flushing a frame.

>       When you have finished providing data to the compressor, call the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      When all data has been provided to the compressor, call the
```
Formal tone

         - Yes. It's faster when loading a digested dictionary again with the
           same compression level.
         - No. If you wish to load an undigested dictionary multiple times,
           consider reusing a compressor object.

   If passing a :class:`!ZstdDict` without any attribute, an undigested
   dictionary is passed by default when compressing and a digested dictionary
   is passed by default when decompressing.

    .. attribute:: dict_content

        The content of the Zstandard dictionary, a ``bytes`` object. It's the
        same as the *dict_content* argument in the ``__init__`` method. It can
        be used with other programs, such as the ``zstd`` CLI program.

    .. attribute:: dict_id

        Identifier of the Zstandard dictionary, an int value between zero and .

        Non-zero means the dictionary is ordinary, created by Zstandard
        functions and following the Zstandard format.

        ``0`` means a "raw content" dictionary, free of any format restriction,
        used for advanced users.

        .. note::

            The meaning of ``0`` for :attr:`!ZstdDict.dict_id` is different from

>             the ``dictionary_id`` argument to the :func:`get_frame_info`

Reviewer 3: There is only a _frame_buffer_ parameter listed for _get_frame_info_. Are you referring to the _FrameInfo.dictionary_id_ attribute of the object it presumably returns?

            function.

    .. attribute:: as_digested_dict

        Load as a digested dictionary, see below.

    .. attribute:: as_undigested_dict

        Load as an undigested dictionary.

Advanced parameter control
--------------------------

.. class:: CompressionParameter()

   An :class:`~enum.IntEnum` containing the advanced compression parameter

>    names that can be used when compressing data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   keys that can be used when compressing data.
```

Presuming the members are numbers, it’s strange to call them “names”. Also applies under DecompressionParameter.

      ratio of strategies <= :attr:`~Strategy.dfast`, and improve compression
      speed of strategies > :attr:`~Strategy.dfast`.

   .. attribute:: chain_log

      Size of the multi-probe search table, as a power of two. The resulting
      memory usage is ``1 << (chain_log+2)`` bytes. Larger tables result in
      better and slower compression. This parameter has no effect for the
      :attr:`~Strategy.fast` strategy. It's still useful when using
      :attr:`~Strategy.dfast` strategy, in which case it defines a secondary
      probe table.

   .. attribute:: search_log

      Number of search attempts, as a power of two. More attempts result in
      better and slower compression. This parameter is useless for
      :attr:`~Strategy.fast` and :attr:`~Strategy.dfast` strategies.

   .. attribute:: min_match

      Minimum size of searched matches. Larger values increase compression and
      decompression speed, but decrease ratio. Note that Zstandard can still
      find matches of smaller size, it just tweaks its search algorithm to look
      for this size and larger. For all strategies < :attr:`~Strategy.btopt`,

>       the effective minimum is ``4``, for all strategies

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      the effective minimum is ``4``; for all strategies
```

>       > :attr:`~Strategy.fast`, the effective maximum is ``6``.

Reviewer 3: Are the effective minimum and maximum limits on match sizes, or limits on the value of _min_match_?

Author: If you use a value outside that range then it will have no further effect. (i.e. if I am using Strategy.fast and set a min match of 7 it will have the same effect as 6).

   .. attribute:: target_length

      The impact of this field depends on the selected :class:`Strategy`.

      For strategies :attr:`~Strategy.btopt`, :attr:`~Strategy.btultra` and
      :attr:`~Strategy.btultra2`, the value is the length of a match
      considered "good enough" to stop searching. Larger values make
      compression ratios better, but compresses slower.

      For strategy :attr:`~Strategy.fast`, it is the distance between match
      sampling. Larger values make compression faster, but with a worse
      compression ratio.

   .. attribute:: strategy

      The higher the value of selected strategy, the more complex the
      compression technique used by zstd, resulting in higher compression
      ratios but slower compression.

      .. seealso:: :class:`Strategy`

   .. attribute:: enable_long_distance_matching

      Long distance matching can be used to improve compression for large
      inputs by finding large matches at greater distances. It increases memory
      usage and window size.

>       Enabling this parameter increases default

Reviewer 3: How do you enable and disable this, considering zero is supposed to have another special meaning?

Author: Ah, it doesn't here. I'll update the description above to call this out.

      :attr:`~CompressionParameter.window_log` to 128 MiB except when expressly
      set to a different value. This setting is enabled by default if
      :attr:`!window_log` >= 128 MiB and the compression
      strategy >= :attr:`~Strategy.btopt` (compression level 16+).

   .. attribute:: ldm_hash_log

      Size of the table for long distance matching, as a power of two. Larger
      values increase memory usage and compression ratio, but decrease
      compression speed.

   .. attribute:: ldm_min_match

      Minimum match size for long distance matcher. Larger or too small values
      can often decrease the compression ratio.

   .. attribute:: ldm_bucket_size_log

      Log size of each bucket in the long distance matcher hash table for
      collision resolution. Larger values improve collision resolution but
      decrease compression speed.

   .. attribute:: ldm_hash_rate_log

      Frequency of inserting/looking up entries into the long distance matcher
      hash table. Larger values improve compression speed. Deviating far from
      the default value will likely result in a compression ratio decrease.

>    .. attribute:: checksum_flag

Reviewer 3: Is this a flag you can turn on or off, and if so, how? The example at the bottom supplies a value of 1 without explanation. Similarly for _dict_id_flag_.

      A four-byte checksum using XXHash64 of the uncompressed content is written
      at the end of each frame. Zstandard's decompression code verifies the
      checksum. If there is a mismatch a :class:`ZstdError` exception is
      raised.
   .. attribute:: dict_id_flag

      When compressing with a :class:`ZstdDict`, the dictionary's ID is written
      into the frame header.

   .. attribute:: nb_workers

      Select how many threads will be spawned to compress in parallel. When
      :attr:`!nb_workers` >= 1, enables multi-threaded compression, 1

>       means "one-thread multi-threaded mode". More workers improve speed, but

Reviewer 3: Is “one-thread multi-threaded mode” just a degenerate case, or is it of some practical use? Either clarify what this means, or avoid drawing so much attention to it.

```suggestion
      :attr:`!nb_workers` >= 1, enables multi-threaded compression.
      The value 1 is unlikely to be useful. More workers improve speed, but
```

However if values >= 1 enable multi-threading, and 0 means dynamically select a value, how do I disable multi-threading?

Author: I think it is important to call attention to it as people may assume that it means do not start threads, when it does start a new thread.

Reviewer 5: "nb_workers > 0" or "nb_workers is not zero" may be clearer than "nb_workers >= 1" . (Can it be negative?)

Author: I changed it to nb_workers > 0, great suggestion!

      only used when :attr:`~CompressionParameter.nb_workers` >= 1. Acceptable
      values vary from 0 to 9.

         * 0 means dynamically set the overlap amount
         * 1 means no overlap
         * 9 means use a full window size from the previous job

      Each increment halves/doubles the overlap size. "8" means an overlap of
      ``window_size/2``, "7" means an overlap of ``window_size/4``, etc.

.. class:: DecompressionParameter()

   An :class:`~enum.IntEnum` containing the advanced decompression parameter
   names that can be used when decompressing data.

   The :meth:`~.bounds` method can be used on any attribute to get the valid
   values for that parameter.

   .. method:: bounds()

      Return the tuple of int bounds, ``(lower, upper)``, of a decompression
      parameter. This method should be called on the attribute you wish to
      retrieve the bounds of. For example, to get the valid values for
      :attr:`~.window_log_max`, one may check the result of
      ``CompressionParameter.window_log_max.bounds()``.

      Both the lower and upper bounds are inclusive.

   .. attribute:: window_log_max

>       The power of two maximum size of the window used during decompression.

Reviewer 3: I find this use of _power_ ambiguous. Should I set _window_log_max_ to 1024, since that is the 10th _power of two_? Or should I set it to 10, since two to the _power 10_ is 1024? Only after seeing _CompressionParameter.window_log_ and other parameters do I have enough confidence to guess it’s meant to be the exponent. The same problem exists with many of the __log_ CompressionParameter members too.

```suggestion
      The base-two logarithm of the maximum size of the window used during decompression.
```

Also, is there any detriment for giving a small value, e.g. slower operation, or perhaps absolute inability to decompress streams like is the case for _zlib_?

      This can be useful to limit the amount of memory used when decompressing
      data.

.. class:: Strategy()

   An :class:`~enum.IntEnum` containing strategies for compression.
   Higher-numbered strategies correspond to more complex and slower
   compression.

   .. note::

      The values of attributes of :class:`!Strategy` are not necessarily stable

>       across zstd versions. Only the ordering of the attributes may be relied

Reviewer 3: Can we document this ordering and its direction then? I.e. which members are <= _dfast_ and > _dfast_, etc?

Author: They are listed as ordered, perhaps I should call that out?

Author: I now call that out, hopefully that is sufficient?

      upon.

   The following strategies are available:

   .. attribute:: fast

   .. attribute:: dfast

   .. attribute:: greedy

   .. attribute:: lazy

   .. attribute:: lazy2

   .. attribute:: btlazy2

   .. attribute:: btopt

   .. attribute:: btultra

   .. attribute:: btultra2

Miscellaneous
-------------

.. function:: get_frame_info(frame_buffer)

   Retrieve a :class:`FrameInfo` object containing metadata about a Zstandard
   frame. Frames contain metadata related to the compressed data they hold.

.. class:: FrameInfo

   Metadata related to a Zstandard frame.

   .. attribute:: decompressed_size

      The size of the decompressed contents of the frame.

   .. attribute:: dictionary_id

      An int object representing the Zstandard dictionary ID needed for
      decompressing the frame. ``0`` means the dictionary ID was not
      recorded in the frame header, the frame may or may not need a dictionary

>       to be decoded, or the ID of such a dictionary is not specified.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      recorded in the frame header, or the frame does not need a dictionary
      to be decoded.
```

Most of these options seem the same as the first, unless I’m missing something.

   The default compression level for Zstandard: ``3``.

.. attribute:: zstd_version_info

   Version number of the runtime zstd library as a tuple of integers
   (major, minor, release).

Examples
--------

Reading in a compressed file:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd

   with zstd.open("file.zst") as f:
       file_content = f.read()

Creating a compressed file:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd

   data = b"Insert Data Here"
   with zstd.open("file.zst", "w") as f:
       f.write(data)

Compressing data in memory:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd

   data_in = b"Insert Data Here"
   data_out = zstd.compress(data_in)

Incremental compression:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd

   comp = zstd.ZstdCompressor()
   out1 = comp.compress(b"Some data\n")
   out2 = comp.compress(b"Another piece of data\n")
   out3 = comp.compress(b"Even more data\n")
   out4 = comp.flush()
   # Concatenate all the partial results:
   result = b"".join([out1, out2, out3, out4])

Writing compressed data to an already-open file:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd

>    with open("file.zst", "wb") as f:

Reviewer 3: I suspect this may not be a valid “.zst” file, since it would have custom strings surrounding the Z Standard compressed data. Perhaps change the file name?

       f.write(b"This data will not be compressed\n")
       with zstd.open(f, "w") as zstf:
           zstf.write(b"This *will* be compressed\n")
       f.write(b"Not compressed\n")

Creating a compressed file using compression parameters:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd

   options = {
      zstd.CompressionParameter.checksum_flag: 1
   }
   with zstd.open("file.zst", "w", options=options) as f:

>        f.write(b"blah blah blah")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       f.write(b"Do your worst you worm!")
```
Why not make our example more fun when we have the chance, I like to come across these in the docs, the best I could think of was [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o13glRURgTE) ;-)

Reviewer 4: I also enjoy fun examples, and recommend something more friendly - maybe:

```suggestion
       f.write(b"Mind if I squeeze in?")
```

included is a file interface supporting reading and writing contents of ``.zst``
files created from the :program:`zstd` utility, as well as raw zstd compressed
streams.

The :mod:`compression.zstd` module contains:

* The :func:`.open` function and :class:`ZstdFile` class for reading and
  writing compressed files.
* The :class:`ZstdCompressor` and :class:`ZstdDecompressor` classes for
  incremental (de)compression.
* The :func:`compress` and :func:`decompress` functions for one-shot
  (de)compression.
* The :func:`train_dict` and :func:`finalize_dict` functions and the
  :class:`ZstdDict` class to train and manage Zstandard dictionaries.
* The :class:`CompressionParameter`, :class:`DecompressionParameter`, and
  :class:`Strategy` classes for setting advanced (de)compression parameters.

.. exception:: ZstdError

   This exception is raised when an error occurs during compression or
   decompression, or while initializing the (de)compressor state.

Reading and writing compressed files
------------------------------------

.. function:: open(file, /, mode="rb", *, level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None, encoding=None, errors=None, newline=None)

>    Open an Zstandard-compressed file in binary or text mode, returning a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Open a Zstandard-compressed file in binary or text mode, returning a
```
Grammar

Reviewer: we don't need the dash here either

   providing advanced decompression parameters, see
   :class:`CompressionParameter` for detailed information about supported
   parameters. The *level* argument is the compression level to use when
   writing compressed data. Only one of *level* or *options* may be passed. The
   *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance to be used during
   compression.

   For binary mode, this function is equivalent to the :class:`ZstdFile`
   constructor: ``ZstdFile(file, mode, ...)``. In this case, the
   *encoding*, *errors* and *newline* parameters must not be provided.

   For text mode, a :class:`ZstdFile` object is created, and wrapped in an
   :class:`io.TextIOWrapper` instance with the specified encoding, error handling
   behavior, and line ending(s).

.. class:: ZstdFile(file, /, mode="r", *, level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None)

   Open a Zstandard-compressed file in binary mode.

   A :class:`ZstdFile` can wrap an already-open :term:`file object`, or operate
   directly on a named file. The *file* argument specifies either the file
   object to wrap, or the name of the file to open (as a :class:`str`,

>    :class:`bytes` or :term:`path-like <path-like object>` object). When

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :class:`bytes` or :term:`path-like <path-like object>` object). If
```
Simpler IMO

      better and slower compression. This parameter has no effect for the
      :attr:`~Strategy.fast` strategy. It's still useful when using
      :attr:`~Strategy.dfast` strategy, in which case it defines a secondary
      probe table.

   .. attribute:: search_log

      Number of search attempts, as a power of 2. More attempts result in
      better and slower compression. This parameter is useless for
      :attr:`~Strategy.fast` and :attr:`~Strategy.dfast` strategies.

   .. attribute:: min_match

      Minimum size of searched matches. Larger values increase compression and
      decompression speed, but decrease ratio. Note that Zstandard can still
      find matches of smaller size, it just tweaks its search algorithm to look
      for this size and larger. Note that currently, for all strategies
      < :attr:`~Strategy.btopt`, the effective minimum is ``4``, for all
      strategies > :attr:`~Strategy.fast`, the effective maximum is ``6``.

   .. attribute:: target_length

      The impact of this field depends on the selected :class:`Strategy`.

      For strategies :attr:`~Strategy.btopt`, :attr:`~Strategy.btultra` and

>       :attr:`~Strategy.btultra2`, the values is the length of a match

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      :attr:`~Strategy.btultra2`, the value is the length of a match
```
Grammar

   .. attribute:: enable_long_distance_matching

      Long distance matching can be used to improve compression for large
      inputs by finding large matches at greater distances. It increases memory
      usage and window size.

      Enabling this parameter increases default
      :attr:`~CompressionParameter.window_log` to 128 MiB except when expressly
      set to a different value. This setting is enabled by default if
      :attr:`~CompressionParameter.window_log` >= 128 MiB and the compression
      strategy >= :attr:`~Strategy.btopt` (compression level 16+).

   .. attribute:: ldm_hash_log

      Size of the table for long distance matching, as a power of 2. Larger
      values increase memory usage and compression ratio, but decrease
      compression speed.

   .. attribute:: ldm_min_match

      Minimum match size for long distance matcher. Larger or too small values
      can often decrease the compression ratio.

   .. attribute:: ldm_bucket_size_log

      Log size of each bucket in the long distance matcher hash table for
      collision resolution. Larger values improve collision resolution but
      decrease compression speed.

>    .. attribute:: ldm_hash_rate_log

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      decrease compression speed.

   .. attribute:: ldm_hash_rate_log
```

      Frequency of inserting/looking up entries into the long distance matcher
      hash table. Larger values improve compression speed. Deviating far from
      the default value will likely result in a compression ratio decrease.

   .. attribute:: content_size_flag

      Uncompressed content size will be written into frame header whenever
      known. This flag currently has no effect.

   .. attribute:: checksum_flag

      A 4-byte checksum using XXHash64 of the uncompressed content is written
      at the end of each frame. Zstandard's decompression code verifies the
      checksum. If there is a mismatch a :class:`ZstdError` exception is
      raised.
   .. attribute:: dict_id_flag

      When compressing with a :class:`ZstdDict`, the dictionary's ID is written
      into the frame header.

   .. attribute:: nb_workers

      Select how many threads will be spawned to compress in parallel. When
      :attr:`~.nb_workers` >= 1, enables multi-threaded compression, 1
      means "1-thread multi-threaded mode". More workers improve speed, but

>       also increases memory usage and slightly reduce compression ratio.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      also increase memory usage and slightly reduce compression ratio.
```
Grammar

Reviewer: there should be agreement between memory usage and compression ratio, either increases/reduces or increase/reduce[ the].

   .. attribute:: job_size

      Size of a compression job, in bytes. This value is enforced only when
      :attr:`~CompressionParameter.nb_workers` >= 1. Each compression job is
      completed in parallel, so this value can indirectly impact the number of
      active threads.

   .. attribute:: overlap_log

      Sets how much data is reloaded from previous jobs (threads) for new jobs

>       to be used by the look behind window during compression. This values is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      to be used by the look behind window during compression. This value is
```
Grammar

   .. attribute:: btopt

   .. attribute:: btultra

   .. attribute:: btultra2

Miscellaneous
-------------

.. function:: get_frame_info(frame_buffer)

   Retrieve a :class:`FrameInfo` object containing metadata about a Zstandard
   frame. Frames contain metadata related to the compressed data they hold.

.. class:: FrameInfo

   Metadata related to a Zstandard frame. There are currently two attributes
   containing metadata related to Zstandard frames.

   .. attribute:: decompressed_size

      The size of the decompressed contents of the frame.

   .. attribute:: dictionary_id

      An int object representing the Zstandard dictionary ID needed for
      decompressing the frame. ``0`` means the dictionary ID was not
      recorded in the frame header, the frame may or may not need a dictionary
      to be decoded, or the ID of such a dictionary is not specified.

.. attribute:: COMPRESSION_LEVEL_DEFAULT

   The default compression level for Zstandard, currently '3'.

.. attribute:: zstd_version_info

   Version number of the runtime zstd library as a tuple of integers
   (major, minor, release).

Examples
--------

Reading in a compressed file:

.. code-block:: python

>    from compression import zstd

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd
```
You need a gap between the code and directives.

   with zstd.open("file.zst") as f:
       file_content = f.read()

Creating a compressed file:

.. code-block:: python

>    from compression import zstd

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd
```

   data = b"Insert Data Here"
   with zstd.open("file.zst", "w") as f:
       f.write(data)

Compressing data in memory:

.. code-block:: python

>    from compression import zstd

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Compressing data in memory:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd
```

   data_in = b"Insert Data Here"
   data_out = zstd.compress(data_in)

Incremental compression:

.. code-block:: python

>    from compression import zstd

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd
```

   comp = zstd.ZstdCompressor()
   out1 = comp.compress(b"Some data\n")
   out2 = comp.compress(b"Another piece of data\n")
   out3 = comp.compress(b"Even more data\n")
   out4 = comp.flush()
   # Concatenate all the partial results:
   result = b"".join([out1, out2, out3, out4])

Writing compressed data to an already-open file:

.. code-block:: python

>    from compression import zstd

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd
```

   with open("file.zst", "wb") as f:
       f.write(b"This data will not be compressed\n")
       with zstd.open(f, "w") as zstf:
           zstf.write(b"This *will* be compressed\n")
       f.write(b"Not compressed\n")

Creating a compressed file using compression parameters:

.. code-block:: python

>    from compression import zstd

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd
```

   In text mode, a :class:`ZstdFile` object is created, and wrapped in an
   :class:`io.TextIOWrapper` instance with the specified encoding, error
   handling behavior, and line endings.

.. class:: ZstdFile(file, /, mode='r', *, level=None, options=None, \
                    zstd_dict=None)

   Open a Zstandard-compressed file in binary mode.

   A :class:`ZstdFile` can wrap an already-open :term:`file object`, or operate
   directly on a named file. The *file* argument specifies either the file
   object to wrap, or the name of the file to open (as a :class:`str`,
   :class:`bytes` or :term:`path-like <path-like object>` object). If
   wrapping an existing file object, the wrapped file will not be closed when
   the :class:`ZstdFile` is closed.

   The *mode* argument can be either ``'r'`` for reading (default), ``'w'`` for
   overwriting, ``'x'`` for exclusive creation, or ``'a'`` for appending. These
   can equivalently be given as ``'rb'``, ``'wb'``, ``'xb'`` and ``'ab'``
   respectively.

   If *file* is a file object (rather than an actual file name), a mode of
   ``'w'`` does not truncate the file, and is instead equivalent to ``'a'``.

>    When opening a file for reading, the *options* argument can be a dictionary

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   When decompressing, the *options* argument can be a dictionary
```

I presume this also applies when wrapping an existing file object, not just when opening a new one. Likewise for next paragraph on writing/compressing.

Author: I think I would like to keep it termed as reading since this is a high-level API. Perhaps we can say "When reading from a file like object"?

Author: I just shortened to "when reading/writing"

   providing advanced decompression parameters, see

>    :class:`DecompressionParameter` for detailed information about supported

Reviewer 3: It took me a while (reading about ZstdCompressor) before I could guess how the _options_ dictionary might relate to (De)compressionParameter. I think you should explicitly say the keys are the enum members, like you have already hinted under Zstd(De)compressor. Or have a separate section explaining the common parameters like _options_ all in one place.

Author: I added some examples to the parameter enums which should hopefully help here. There are a lot of places where the docs refer to them and I don't want to have to repeat that N times across the docs.

>    parameters. The *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`!ZstdDict` instance to be

Reviewer 3: I suspect @hugovk removed the link by mistake.

```suggestion
   parameters. The *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance to be
```

Also applies to the next paragraph for compress mode.

   .. attribute:: FLUSH_BLOCK

      Complete and write a block to the data stream. The data returned so far
      can be immediately decompressed. Past data can still be referenced in
      future blocks generated by calls to :meth:`~.compress`,
      improving compression.

   .. attribute:: FLUSH_FRAME

      Complete and write out a frame. Future data provided to
      :meth:`~.compress` will be written into a new frame and
      *cannot* reference past data.

   .. method:: compress(data, mode=ZstdCompressor.CONTINUE)

      Compress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning a :class:`bytes`
      object if possible, or an empty byte string otherwise. Some of *data* may
      be buffered internally, for use in later calls to
      :meth:`!compress` and :meth:`~.flush`. The
      returned data should be concatenated with the output of any previous calls
      to :meth:`~.compress`.

      The *mode* argument is a :class:`ZstdCompressor` attribute, either
      :attr:`~.CONTINUE`, :attr:`~.FLUSH_BLOCK`,
      or :attr:`~.FLUSH_FRAME`.

      When you have finished providing data to the compressor, call the
      :meth:`~.flush` method to finish the compression process.

>    .. method:: flush(mode)

Reviewer 3: Is _mode_ optional? See incremental compression example at the bottom.

Author: Yes, I have made it optional, good catch!

   The *options* argument is a Python dictionary containing advanced
   decompression parameters. The valid keys and values for compression
   parameters are documented as part of the :class:`DecompressionParameter`
   documentation.

   The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`
   containing trained data used during compression. This must be
   the same Zstandard dictionary used during compression.

   .. note::
      This class does not transparently handle inputs containing multiple
      compressed frames, unlike the :func:`decompress` function and
      :class:`ZstdFile` class. To decompress a multi-frame input, you should
      use :func:`decompress`, :class:`ZstdFile` if working with a
      :term:`file object`, or multiple :class:`!ZstdDecompressor` instances.

   .. method:: decompress(data, max_length=-1)

      Decompress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning
      uncompressed data as bytes. Some of *data* may be buffered
      internally, for use in later calls to :meth:`!decompress`.
      The returned data should be concatenated with the output of any previous
      calls to :meth:`!decompress`.

>       If *max_length* is non-negative, returns at most *max_length*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      If *max_length* is non-negative, the method returns at most *max_length*
```

      bytes of decompressed data. If this limit is reached and further
      output can be produced, the :attr:`~.needs_input` attribute will
      be set to ``False``. In this case, the next call to
      :meth:`~.decompress` may provide *data* as ``b''`` to obtain
      more of the output.

      If all of the input data was decompressed and returned (either
      because this was less than *max_length* bytes, or because
      *max_length* was negative), the :attr:`~.needs_input` attribute
      will be set to ``True``.

      Attempting to decompress data after the end of a frame will raise a
      :exc:`ZstdError`. Any data found after the end of the frame is ignored
      and saved in the :attr:`~.unused_data` attribute.

   .. attribute:: eof

      ``True`` if the end-of-stream marker has been reached.

   .. attribute:: unused_data

      Data found after the end of the compressed stream.

      Before the end of the stream is reached, this will be ``b''``.

   .. attribute:: needs_input

      ``False`` if the :meth:`.decompress` method can provide more

>       decompressed data before requiring new uncompressed input.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      decompressed data before requiring new compressed input.
```

Zstandard dictionaries
----------------------

.. function:: train_dict(samples, dict_size)

   Train a Zstandard dictionary, returning a :class:`ZstdDict` instance.
   Zstandard dictionaries enable more efficient compression of smaller sizes
   of data, which is traditionally difficult to compress due to less repetition.
   If you are compressing multiple similar groups of data (such as similar
   files), Zstandard dictionaries can improve compression ratios and speed
   significantly.

>    The *samples* argument (an iterable of :class:`bytes`), is the population of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The *samples* argument (an iterable of :class:`bytes` objects), is the population of
```

Or did you actually mean things like a single _bytes_ object is accepted, which is iterable of byte values? If not, is there any difference between iterating multiple _bytes_ strings versus iterating a single concatenated string?

Similarly under _finalize_dict_.

   generating the Zstandard dictionary.

   The *dict_size* argument, an integer, is the maximum size (in bytes) the
   Zstandard dictionary should be. See :func:`train_dict` for
   suggestions on the maximum dictionary size.

   The *level* argument (an integer) is the compression level expected to be
   passed to the compressors using this dictionary. The dictionary information
   varies for each compression level, so tuning for the proper compression
   level can make compression more efficient.

.. class:: ZstdDict(dict_content, /, *, is_raw=False)

   A wrapper around Zstandard dictionaries. Dictionaries can be used to improve
   the compression of many small chunks of data. Use :func:`train_dict` if you
   need to train a new dictionary from sample data.

   The *dict_content* argument (a :term:`bytes-like object`), is the already
   trained dictionary information.

   The *is_raw* argument, a boolean, is an advanced parameter controlling the
   meaning of *dict_content*. ``True`` means *dict_content* is a "raw content"
   dictionary, without any format restrictions. ``False`` means *dict_content*
   is an ordinary Zstandard dictionary, created from Zstandard functions,

>    for example, :func:`train_dict` or the ``zstd`` CLI.

Reviewer 3: Presume _zstd_ is a program external to Python, or is there a _compression.zstd_ module CLI? Need better contrast with _train_dict_ which I presume _is_ the function in the Python module.

   When passing a :class:`!ZstdDict` to a function, the
   :attr:`!as_digested_dict` and :attr:`!as_undigested_dict` attributes can
   control how the dictionary is loaded by passing them as the ``zstd_dict``
   argument, for example, ``compress(data, zstd_dict=zd.as_digested_dict)``.
   Digesting a dictionary is a costly operation that occurs when loading a
   Zstandard dictionary. When making multiple calls to compression or
   decompression, passing a digested dictionary will reduce the overhead of
   loading the dictionary.

    .. list-table:: Difference for compression
       :widths: 10 14 10
       :header-rows: 1

       * -
         - Digested dictionary
         - Undigested dictionary

>        * - Advanced parameters of the compressor which may be overridden by

Reviewer 3: I wonder if these parameters are overridden in the first API call (when I presume the dictionary isn’t initially digested), or only on subsequent calls

Author: The dictionary is not automatically digested when compressing, and parameters are only overridden when compressing.

           the dictionary's parameters
         - ``window_log``, ``hash_log``, ``chain_log``, ``search_log``,
           ``min_match``, ``target_length``, ``strategy``,
           ``enable_long_distance_matching``, ``ldm_hash_log``,
           ``ldm_min_match``, ``ldm_bucket_size_log``, ``ldm_hash_rate_log``,
           and some non-public parameters.
         - None
       * - :class:`!ZstdDict` internally caches the dictionary
         - Yes. It's faster when loading a digested dictionary again with the
           same compression level.
         - No. If you wish to load an undigested dictionary multiple times,
           consider reusing a compressor object.

   If passing a :class:`!ZstdDict` without any attribute, an undigested
   dictionary is passed by default when compressing and a digested dictionary

>    is passed by default when decompressing.

Reviewer 3: Presume the digestion occurs when the dictionary is “loaded” in the first API call, so a digested dictionary can only be passed in the subsequent calls? This is not clear. Similar issue in description of _as_digested_dict_.

    .. attribute:: dict_content

        The content of the Zstandard dictionary, a ``bytes`` object. It's the
        same as the *dict_content* argument in the ``__init__`` method. It can
        be used with other programs, such as the ``zstd`` CLI program.

    .. attribute:: dict_id

>         Identifier of the Zstandard dictionary, an int value between zero and .

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        Identifier of the Zstandard dictionary, a non-negative int value.
```

        Non-zero means the dictionary is ordinary, created by Zstandard
        functions and following the Zstandard format.

        ``0`` means a "raw content" dictionary, free of any format restriction,
        used for advanced users.

        .. note::

            The meaning of ``0`` for :attr:`!ZstdDict.dict_id` is different from
            the ``dictionary_id`` argument to the :func:`get_frame_info`
            function.

    .. attribute:: as_digested_dict

>         Load as a digested dictionary, see below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        Load as a digested dictionary.
```

I don’t see what you might be referring to, unless you mean the text about digestion above the list of attributes.

  incremental (de)compression.
* The :func:`compress` and :func:`decompress` functions for one-shot
  (de)compression.
* The :func:`train_dict` and :func:`finalize_dict` functions and the
  :class:`ZstdDict` class to train and manage Zstandard dictionaries.
* The :class:`CompressionParameter`, :class:`DecompressionParameter`, and
  :class:`Strategy` classes for setting advanced (de)compression parameters.

Exceptions
----------

.. exception:: ZstdError

   This exception is raised when an error occurs during compression or
   decompression, or while initializing the (de)compressor state.

Reading and writing compressed files
------------------------------------

.. function:: open(file, /, mode='rb', *, level=None, options=None, \
                   zstd_dict=None, encoding=None, errors=None, newline=None)

   Open a Zstandard-compressed file in binary or text mode, returning a
   :term:`file object`.

   The *file* argument can be either an actual file name (given as a
   :class:`str`, :class:`bytes` or :term:`path-like <path-like object>` object),
   in which case the named file is opened, or it can be an existing file object
   to read from or write to.

>    The mode argument can be either ``'r'`` for reading (default), ``'w'`` for

Reviewer 3: Minor discordance with 'rb' default in signature. My preference would be to make 'rb', 'wb', etc the preferred form (explicit _b_ for binary), and then list 'r' etc as secondary equivalents. The other option is to change the signature to 'r'.

   .. attribute:: mode

      ``'rb'`` for reading and ``'wb'`` for writing.

   .. attribute:: name

      The name of the Zstandard file. Equivalent to the :attr:`~io.FileIO.name`
      attribute of the underlying :term:`file object`.

Compressing and decompressing data in memory
--------------------------------------------

.. function:: compress(data, level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None)

   Compress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning the compressed
   data as a :class:`bytes` object.

   The *level* argument is an int object controlling the level of
   compression. Refer to :meth:`CompressionParameter.bounds` to get the
   values that can be passed for *level*. If advanced compression options are
   needed, this argument must be omitted and in the *options* dictionary the
   :attr:`CompressionParameter.compression_level` parameter should be set.

   The *options* argument is a Python dictionary containing advanced compression
   parameters. The valid keys and values for compression parameters are
   documented as part of the :class:`CompressionParameter` documentation.

   The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`, a Zstandard

>    dictionary, containing trained data to improve compression efficiency. The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`
   containing trained data to improve compression efficiency. The
```
ditto

   function :func:`train_dict` can be used to generate a Zstandard dictionary.

.. function:: decompress(data, zstd_dict=None, options=None)

   Decompress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning the uncompressed
   data as a :class:`bytes` object.

   The *options* argument is a Python dictionary containing advanced
   decompression parameters. The valid keys and values for compression
   parameters are documented as part of the :class:`DecompressionParameter`
   documentation.

   The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`, a Zstandard

>    dictionary, containing trained data used during compression. This must be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`
   containing trained data used during compression. This must be
```
ditto

   the same Zstandard dictionary used during compression.

   If *data* is the concatenation of multiple distinct compressed frames,
   decompress all of these frames, and return the concatenation of the results.

.. class:: ZstdCompressor(level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None)

   Create a compressor object, which can be used to compress data incrementally.

   For a more convenient way of compressing a single chunk of data, see the
   module-level function :func:`compress`.

   The *level* argument is an int object controlling the level of
   compression. Refer to :meth:`CompressionParameter.bounds` to get the
   values that can be passed for *level*. If advanced compression options are
   needed, this argument must be omitted and in the *options* dictionary the
   :attr:`CompressionParameter.compression_level` parameter should be set.

   The *options* argument is a Python dictionary containing advanced compression
   parameters. The valid keys and values for compression parameters are
   documented as part of the :class:`CompressionParameter` documentation.

   The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`, a Zstandard

>    dictionary, containing trained data to improve compression efficiency. The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`
   containing trained data to improve compression efficiency. The
```
We don't need that, you can click the link for an explanation.

   function :func:`train_dict` can be used to generate a Zstandard dictionary.

>    .. attribute:: CONTINUE

Reviewer 3: I feel like these three mode attributes could be listed less abruptly, to sound more like object attributes and less like methods. Perhaps just move them after the two methods that they would be used with? Or describe them as flush modes.

Author: Yeah I think it would be good to move them after methods.

      Collect more data for compression, which may or may not generate output
      immediately. This mode optimizes the compression ratio by maximizing the
      amount of data per block and frame.

   .. attribute:: FLUSH_BLOCK

      Complete and write a block to the data stream. The data returned so far
      can be immediately decompressed. Past data can still be referenced in
      future blocks generated by calls to :meth:`~.compress`,
      improving compression.

   .. attribute:: FLUSH_FRAME

      Complete and write out a frame. Future data provided to
      :meth:`~.compress` will be written into a new frame and
      *cannot* reference past data.

   .. method:: compress(data, mode=ZstdCompressor.CONTINUE)

      Compress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning a :class:`bytes`

>       object if possible, or an empty byte string otherwise. Some of *data* may

Reviewer 3: I presume the empty byte string is still a _bytes_ object, no? Otherwise this looks like a mistake.

```suggestion
      Compress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning a :class:`bytes`
      object. Some of *data* may
```

Author: Yes, but it is important to include that it may return an empty bytes object (some people may expect it to always make forward progress)

Author: I pushed up something that should hopefully be a bit clearer?

      The *mode* argument is a :class:`ZstdCompressor` attribute, either
      :attr:`~.CONTINUE`, :attr:`~.FLUSH_BLOCK`,
      or :attr:`~.FLUSH_FRAME`.

      When you have finished providing data to the compressor, call the
      :meth:`~.flush` method to finish the compression process.

   .. method:: flush(mode)

      Finish the compression process, returning a :class:`bytes` object
      containing any data stored in the compressor's internal buffers.

      The *mode* argument is a :class:`ZstdCompressor` attribute, either
      :attr:`~.FLUSH_BLOCK`, or :attr:`~.FLUSH_FRAME`.

.. class:: ZstdDecompressor(zstd_dict=None, options=None)

   Create a decompressor object, which can be used to decompress data
   incrementally.

   For a more convenient way of decompressing an entire compressed stream at
   once, see the module-level function :func:`decompress`.

   The *options* argument is a Python dictionary containing advanced
   decompression parameters. The valid keys and values for compression
   parameters are documented as part of the :class:`DecompressionParameter`
   documentation.

   The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`, a Zstandard

>    dictionary, containing trained data used during compression. This must be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`
   containing trained data used during compression. This must be
```
yet again

   When passing a :class:`!ZstdDict` to a function, the
   :attr:`!as_digested_dict` and :attr:`!as_undigested_dict` attributes can
   control how the dictionary is loaded by passing them as the ``zstd_dict``
   argument, for example, ``compress(data, zstd_dict=zd.as_digested_dict)``.
   Digesting a dictionary is a costly operation that occurs when loading a
   Zstandard dictionary. When making multiple calls to compression or
   decompression, passing a digested dictionary will reduce the overhead of
   loading the dictionary.

    .. list-table:: Difference for compression
       :widths: 10 14 10
       :header-rows: 1

       * -
         - Digested dictionary
         - Undigested dictionary
       * - Advanced parameters of the compressor which may be overridden by
           the dictionary's parameters
         - ``window_log``, ``hash_log``, ``chain_log``, ``search_log``,
           ``min_match``, ``target_length``, ``strategy``,
           ``enable_long_distance_matching``, ``ldm_hash_log``,
           ``ldm_min_match``, ``ldm_bucket_size_log``, ``ldm_hash_rate_log``,
           and some non-public parameters.
         - None

>        * - :class:`!ZstdDict` internally caches the dictionary

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
       * - :class:`!ZstdDict` internally caches the dictionary?
```

Author: Sorry, could you explain the question mark here?

        same as the *dict_content* argument in the ``__init__`` method. It can
        be used with other programs, such as the ``zstd`` CLI program.

    .. attribute:: dict_id

        Identifier of the Zstandard dictionary, an int value between zero and .

        Non-zero means the dictionary is ordinary, created by Zstandard
        functions and following the Zstandard format.

        ``0`` means a "raw content" dictionary, free of any format restriction,
        used for advanced users.

        .. note::

            The meaning of ``0`` for :attr:`!ZstdDict.dict_id` is different from
            the ``dictionary_id`` argument to the :func:`get_frame_info`
            function.

    .. attribute:: as_digested_dict

        Load as a digested dictionary, see below.

    .. attribute:: as_undigested_dict

        Load as an undigested dictionary.

Advanced parameter control
--------------------------

.. class:: CompressionParameter()

   An :class:`~enum.IntEnum` containing the advanced compression parameter
   names that can be used when compressing data.

   The :meth:`~.bounds` method can be used on any attribute to get the valid
   values for that parameter.

>    Setting any parameter to zero causes zstd to dynamically select a value

Reviewer 3: Assuming _zstd_ refers to something in the module implementation, this leads to the question of whether omitting parameters is supported. I think the documentation should clarify this. The one example at the bottom of the page that does pass an _options_ dictionary does not set a value for every parameter.

   for that parameter based on other compression parameters' settings.

   .. method:: bounds()

      Return the tuple of int bounds, ``(lower, upper)``, of a compression
      parameter. This method should be called on the attribute you wish to
      retrieve the bounds of. For example, to get the valid values for
      :attr:`~.compression_level`, one may check the result of
      ``CompressionParameter.compression_level.bounds()``.

      Both the lower and upper bounds are inclusive.

   .. attribute:: compression_level

      A high-level means of setting other compression parameters that affect
      the speed and ratio of compressing data. Setting the level to zero uses

>       the default :attr:`COMPRESSION_LEVEL_DEFAULT`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      the speed and ratio of compressing data. Setting the level to zero uses
      :attr:`COMPRESSION_LEVEL_DEFAULT`.
```

   .. attribute:: overlap_log

      Sets how much data is reloaded from previous jobs (threads) for new jobs
      to be used by the look behind window during compression. This value is
      only used when :attr:`~CompressionParameter.nb_workers` >= 1. Acceptable
      values vary from 0 to 9.

         * 0 means dynamically set the overlap amount
         * 1 means no overlap
         * 9 means use a full window size from the previous job

      Each increment halves/doubles the overlap size. "8" means an overlap of
      ``window_size/2``, "7" means an overlap of ``window_size/4``, etc.

.. class:: DecompressionParameter()

   An :class:`~enum.IntEnum` containing the advanced decompression parameter
   names that can be used when decompressing data.

   The :meth:`~.bounds` method can be used on any attribute to get the valid
   values for that parameter.

   .. method:: bounds()

      Return the tuple of int bounds, ``(lower, upper)``, of a decompression
      parameter. This method should be called on the attribute you wish to
      retrieve the bounds of. For example, to get the valid values for
      :attr:`~.window_log_max`, one may check the result of

>       ``CompressionParameter.window_log_max.bounds()``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      ``DecompressionParameter.window_log_max.bounds()``.
```

Author: Agh! Thanks for catching this.

:mod:`!compression.zstd` --- Compression compatible with the Zstandard format
=============================================================================

.. module:: compression.zstd

>    :synopsis: Low level interface to compression and decompression routines in

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   :synopsis: Low-level interface to compression and decompression routines in
```

>               Meta's zstd library

Reviewer 7: Wouldn't call out Meta here. The reference manual for the zstd itself doesn't mention a company name.  On the other hand, it might not be a bad idea to reference that manual somewhere (https://facebook.github.io/zstd/zstd_manual.html).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
              the Zstandard library
```

Author: Hm, the *library* is called `zstd`, perhaps we should say "in the zstd library"?

Reviewer 4: I second the suggestion to link to the [zstd manual](https://facebook.github.io/zstd/zstd_manual.html), and to copy or quote the short explanation: "... is a fast lossless compression algorithm, targeting real-time compression scenarios at zlib-level and better compression ratios."

Author: I ended up opening https://github.com/facebook/zstd/issues/4388 because it turns out the SEO first result is not the latest version linked from https://facebook.github.io/zstd/, which is version specific.

For now I think I'll leave out a link to the manual and add one later once that issue is resolved.

I've removed the Meta reference and said "in the zstd library."

Author: Yann was quick! That issue is resolved and I just pushed up the requested changes.

.. versionadded:: 3.14

**Source code:** :source:`Lib/compression/zstd/__init__.py`

--------------

> This module provides classes and convenience functions for compressing and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module provides classes and functions for compressing and
```
Unnecessary and awkward

> decompressing data using the Zstandard (or "zstd") compression algorithm. Also

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
decompressing data using the Zstandard (or *zstd*) compression algorithm. Also
```
Italics are more fitting here

> included is a file interface supporting reading and writing contents of ``.zst``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
included is a file interface that supports reading and writing the contents of ``.zst`` files.
```

> files created from the :program:`zstd` utility, as well as raw zstd compressed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
files created with the :program:`zstd` utility, as well as raw zstd compressed
```
```suggestion
files created by the :program:`zstd` utility, as well as raw zstd compressed
```
Grammar

Author: TIL you can provide multiple suggestions in a single comment, that's neat!

> files created by the :program:`zstd` utility, as well as raw zstd compressed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
included is a file interface that supports reading and writing the contents of ``.zst`` files,
files created by the :program:`zstd` utility, as well as raw zstd compressed
```
I may have introduced that one in a suggestion, this also needs to be wrapped I presume. (It would be handy if github provided a ruler in their diff viewer.)

Reviewer 7: "files, files" doesn't seem a comfortable sequence.

Author: I think there was a misunderstanding in suggested reviews that mangled this but I've pushed a fix for this.

streams.

> The :mod:`compression.zstd` module contains:

Reviewer 6: No need to self-link:
```suggestion
The :mod:`!compression.zstd` module contains:
```

* The :func:`.open` function and :class:`ZstdFile` class for reading and
  writing compressed files.
* The :class:`ZstdCompressor` and :class:`ZstdDecompressor` classes for
  incremental (de)compression.
* The :func:`compress` and :func:`decompress` functions for one-shot
  (de)compression.
* The :func:`train_dict` and :func:`finalize_dict` functions and the
  :class:`ZstdDict` class to train and manage Zstandard dictionaries.
* The :class:`CompressionParameter`, :class:`DecompressionParameter`, and
  :class:`Strategy` classes for setting advanced (de)compression parameters.

> .. exception:: ZstdError

Reviewer 2: This should get a little introduction like other modules.

"This module provides the following exception: "

Or something along those lines.

Author: I looked at a few random modules and they didn't really introduce exceptions. I'll add a section however to match the rest of the document.

   This exception is raised when an error occurs during compression or
   decompression, or while initializing the (de)compressor state.

Reading and writing compressed files
------------------------------------

.. function:: open(file, /, mode='rb', *, level=None, options=None, \
                   zstd_dict=None, encoding=None, errors=None, newline=None)

   Open a Zstandard-compressed file in binary or text mode, returning a
   :term:`file object`.

   The *file* argument can be either an actual file name (given as a
   :class:`str`, :class:`bytes` or :term:`path-like <path-like object>` object),
   in which case the named file is opened, or it can be an existing file object
   to read from or write to.

   The mode argument can be either ``'r'`` for reading (default), ``'w'`` for

>    overwriting, 'a' for appending, or ``'x'`` for exclusive creation. These can

Reviewer 7: markup on append mode is inconsistent

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   overwriting, ``'a'`` for appending, or ``'x'`` for exclusive creation. These can
```

>    The mode argument can be either 'r' for reading (default), 'w' for
>    overwriting, 'a' for appending, or 'x' for exclusive creation. These can
>    equivalently be given as 'rb', 'wb', 'ab', and 'xb' respectively. You may
>    also open in text mode with 'rt', 'wt', 'at', and 'xt' respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The mode argument can be either ``'r'`` for reading (default), ``'w'`` for
   overwriting, 'a' for appending, or ``'x'`` for exclusive creation. These can
   equivalently be given as ``'rb'``, ``'wb'``, ``'ab'``, and ``'xb'`` respectively. You may
   also open in text mode with ``'rt'``, ``'wt'``, ``'at'``, and ``'xt'`` respectively.
```
As they are python strings

   When opening a file for reading, the *options* argument can be a dictionary

>    providing advanced decompression parameters, see

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   providing advanced decompression parameters; see
```

   :class:`DecompressionParameter` for detailed information about supported
   parameters. The *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance to be
   used during decompression. When opening a file for reading, the *level*

>    argument should not be used.

Reviewer 7: This may end up being an implementation question: if it "should not be used", does that mean it's ignored for reading (if so, perhaps say so)? Or does it cause problems if specified?

Author: Yeah, I think it would be good to say that it will raise an exception if passed during decompression.

Author: I re-worded this a little to call out that a TypeError is raised.

   When opening a file for writing, the *options* argument can be a dictionary

>    providing advanced decompression parameters, see

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   providing advanced decompression parameters; see
```

   :class:`CompressionParameter` for detailed information about supported
   parameters. The *level* argument is the compression level to use when
   writing compressed data. Only one of *level* or *options* may be passed. The
   *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance to be used during
   compression.

>    For binary mode, this function is equivalent to the :class:`ZstdFile`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   In binary mode, this function is equivalent to the :class:`ZstdFile`
```

   constructor: ``ZstdFile(file, mode, ...)``. In this case, the

>    *encoding*, *errors* and *newline* parameters must not be provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   *encoding*, *errors*, and *newline* parameters must not be provided.
```

>    For text mode, a :class:`ZstdFile` object is created, and wrapped in an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   In text mode, a :class:`ZstdFile` object is created, and wrapped in an
```

   :class:`io.TextIOWrapper` instance with the specified encoding, error handling

>    behavior, and line ending(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   behavior, and line endings.
```
Unnecessary IMO

.. class:: ZstdFile(file, /, mode='r', *, level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None)

   Open a Zstandard-compressed file in binary mode.

   A :class:`ZstdFile` can wrap an already-open :term:`file object`, or operate
   directly on a named file. The *file* argument specifies either the file
   object to wrap, or the name of the file to open (as a :class:`str`,
   :class:`bytes` or :term:`path-like <path-like object>` object). If
   wrapping an existing file object, the wrapped file will not be closed when
   the :class:`ZstdFile` is closed.

   The *mode* argument can be either ``"r"`` for reading (default), ``"w"`` for
   overwriting, ``"x"`` for exclusive creation, or ``"a"`` for appending. These
   can equivalently be given as ``"rb"``, ``"wb"``, ``"xb"`` and ``"ab"``
   respectively.

   If *file* is a file object (rather than an actual file name), a mode of

>    ``"w"`` does not truncate the file, and is instead equivalent to ``"a"``.

Reviewer 6: Single quotes were used for `open`, be consistent one way or the other.

   When opening a file for reading, the *options* argument can be a dictionary
   providing advanced decompression parameters, see
   :class:`DecompressionParameter` for detailed information about supported

>    parameters. The *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance to be

Reviewer 7: Couldn't lines 59-62, 66-69, 102-105 and 109-112 be combined into a single clause, leaving only the specifics for reading and writing as unique? At the very least, four of these clauses in a short space seems a lot, two may be okay.

Author: Sorry I think the line numbers have changed and Github does not do a good job at showing enough context for your comment, what were you proposing?

Reviewer 7: Yeah, line #s are always unsafe to add to comments, sorry.  It just sounded quite repetitive to, four times, say "When opening a file for... " , followed by the stanza about passing a dict of parameters. It doesn't harm anything, and if there's no obvious way to factor out some of that, then nevermind (I know they are all different combinations:  read/text/decompress, read/bytes/decompress, write/text/compress, write/bytes/compress)

>    parameters. The *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance to be

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   parameters. The *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`!ZstdDict` instance to be
```

   used during decompression. When opening a file for reading, the *level*
   argument should not be used.

   When opening a file for writing, the *options* argument can be a dictionary
   providing advanced decompression parameters, see
   :class:`CompressionParameter` for detailed information about supported
   parameters. The *level* argument is the compression level to use when
   writing compressed data. Only one of *level* or *options* may be passed. The

>    *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance to be used during

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`!ZstdDict` instance to be used during
```

   compression.

   When opening a file for writing, the *options*, *zstd_dict* and *level*
   arguments have the same meanings as for :class:`ZstdCompressor`.

>    :class:`ZstdFile` supports all the members specified by

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   :class:`!ZstdFile` supports all the members specified by
```

   :class:`io.BufferedIOBase`, except for :meth:`~io.BufferedIOBase.detach`
   and :meth:`~io.IOBase.truncate`.
   Iteration and the :keyword:`with` statement are supported.

   The following method and attributes are also provided:

   .. method:: peek(size=-1)

      Return buffered data without advancing the file position. At least one
      byte of data will be returned, unless EOF has been reached. The exact
      number of bytes returned is unspecified (the *size* argument is ignored).

      .. note:: While calling :meth:`peek` does not change the file position of
         the :class:`ZstdFile`, it may change the position of the underlying

>          file object (e.g. if the :class:`ZstdFile` was constructed by passing a

Reviewer 6: Avoid Latin abbreviations: https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language
```suggestion
         file object (for example, if the :class:`ZstdFile` was constructed by passing a
```

         file object for *filename*).

   .. attribute:: mode

      ``'rb'`` for reading and ``'wb'`` for writing.

   .. attribute:: name

      The name of the Zstandard file. Equivalent to the :attr:`~io.FileIO.name`
      attribute of the underlying :term:`file object`.

Compressing and decompressing data in memory
--------------------------------------------

.. function:: compress(data, level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None)

   Compress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning the compressed
   data as a :class:`bytes` object.

   The *level* argument is an int object controlling the level of

>    compression. Please refer to :meth:`CompressionParameter.bounds` to get the

Reviewer 6: Usually no need for "please" in technical documentation:
```suggestion
   compression. Refer to :meth:`CompressionParameter.bounds` to get the
```

* https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#please
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/p/please
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/applestyleguide/apsg4473eab0/web
* https://stylepedia.net/style/

   function :func:`train_dict` can be used to generate a Zstandard dictionary.

.. function:: decompress(data, zstd_dict=None, options=None)

   Decompress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning the uncompressed
   data as a :class:`bytes` object.

   The *options* argument is a Python dictionary containing advanced
   decompression parameters. The valid keys and values for compression
   parameters are documented as part of the :class:`DecompressionParameter`
   documentation.

   The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`, a Zstandard
   dictionary, containing trained data used during compression. This must be
   the same Zstandard dictionary used during compression.

   If *data* is the concatenation of multiple distinct compressed frames,
   decompress all of these frames, and return the concatenation of the results.

.. class:: ZstdCompressor(level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None)

   Create a compressor object, which can be used to compress data incrementally.

   For a more convenient way of compressing a single chunk of data, see the
   module-level function :func:`compress`.

   The *level* argument is an int object controlling the level of

>    compression. Please refer to :meth:`CompressionParameter.bounds` to get the

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   compression. Refer to :meth:`CompressionParameter.bounds` to get the
```

   dictionary, containing trained data to improve compression efficiency. The
   function :func:`train_dict` can be used to generate a Zstandard dictionary.

   .. attribute:: CONTINUE

      Collect more data for compression, which may or may not generate output
      immediately. This mode optimizes the compression ratio by maximizing the
      amount of data per block and frame.

   .. attribute:: FLUSH_BLOCK

      Complete and write a block to the data stream. The data returned so far
      can be immediately decompressed. Past data can still be referenced in
      future blocks generated by calls to :meth:`~.compress`,
      improving compression.

   .. attribute:: FLUSH_FRAME

      Complete and write out a frame. Future data provided to
      :meth:`~.compress` will be written into a new frame and
      *cannot* reference past data.

   .. method:: compress(data, mode=ZstdCompressor.CONTINUE)

      Compress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning a :class:`bytes`
      object if possible, or an empty byte string otherwise. Some of *data* may
      be buffered internally, for use in later calls to

>       :meth:`~.compress` and :meth:`~.flush`. The

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      :meth:`!compress` and :meth:`~.flush`. The
```

      The *mode* argument is a :class:`ZstdCompressor` attribute, either
      :attr:`~.FLUSH_BLOCK`, or :attr:`~.FLUSH_FRAME`.

.. class:: ZstdDecompressor(zstd_dict=None, options=None)

   Create a decompressor object, which can be used to decompress data
   incrementally.

   For a more convenient way of decompressing an entire compressed stream at
   once, see the module-level function :func:`decompress`.

   The *options* argument is a Python dictionary containing advanced
   decompression parameters. The valid keys and values for compression
   parameters are documented as part of the :class:`DecompressionParameter`
   documentation.

   The *zstd_dict* argument is an instance of :class:`ZstdDict`, a Zstandard
   dictionary, containing trained data used during compression. This must be
   the same Zstandard dictionary used during compression.

   .. note::
      This class does not transparently handle inputs containing multiple
      compressed frames, unlike the :func:`decompress` function and
      :class:`ZstdFile` class. To decompress a multi-frame input, you should
      use :func:`decompress`, :class:`ZstdFile` if working with a

>       :term:`file object`, or multiple :class:`ZstdDecompressor` instances.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      :term:`file object`, or multiple :class:`!ZstdDecompressor` instances.
```

   .. method:: decompress(data, max_length=-1)

      Decompress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning
      uncompressed data as bytes. Some of *data* may be buffered
      internally, for use in later calls to :meth:`~.decompress`.
      The returned data should be concatenated with the output of any previous

>       calls to :meth:`~.decompress`.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      internally, for use in later calls to :meth:`!decompress`.
      The returned data should be concatenated with the output of any previous
      calls to :meth:`!decompress`.
```

>       If *max_length* is nonnegative, returns at most *max_length*

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      If *max_length* is non-negative, returns at most *max_length*
```

      bytes of decompressed data. If this limit is reached and further
      output can be produced, the :attr:`~.needs_input` attribute will
      be set to ``False``. In this case, the next call to
      :meth:`~.decompress` may provide *data* as ``b''`` to obtain
      more of the output.

      If all of the input data was decompressed and returned (either
      because this was less than *max_length* bytes, or because
      *max_length* was negative), the :attr:`~.needs_input` attribute
      will be set to ``True``.

      Attempting to decompress data after the end of a frame will raise a
      :exc:`ZstdError`. Any data found after the end of the frame is ignored
      and saved in the :attr:`~.unused_data` attribute.

   .. attribute:: eof

      ``True`` if the end-of-stream marker has been reached.

   .. attribute:: unused_data

      Data found after the end of the compressed stream.

      Before the end of the stream is reached, this will be ``b""``.

   .. attribute:: needs_input

      ``False`` if the :meth:`.decompress` method can provide more
      decompressed data before requiring new uncompressed input.

Zstandard Dictionaries

> ----------------------

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Zstandard dictionaries
----------------------
```
https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#capitalization

Author: Thanks, missed this!

.. function:: train_dict(samples, dict_size)

   Train a Zstandard dictionary, returning a :class:`ZstdDict` instance.
   Zstandard dictionaries enable more efficient compression of smaller sizes
   of data, which is traditionally difficult to compress due to less repetition.
   If you are compressing multiple similar groups of data (such as similar
   files), Zstandard dictionaries can improve compression ratios and speed
   significantly.

   The *samples* argument (an iterable of :class:`bytes`), is the population of
   samples used to train the Zstandard dictionary.

   The *dict_size* argument, an integer, is the maximum size (in bytes) the
   Zstandard dictionary should be. The Zstandard documentation suggests an

>    absolute maximum of no more than 100KB, but the maximum can often be smaller

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   absolute maximum of no more than 100 KB, but the maximum can often be smaller
```

   depending on the data. Larger dictionaries generally slow down compression,
   but improve compression ratios. Smaller dictionaries lead to faster
   compression, but reduce the compression ratio.

.. function:: finalize_dict(zstd_dict, /, samples, dict_size, level)

   An advanced function for converting a "raw content" Zstandard dictionary into
   a regular Zstandard dictionary. "Raw content" dictionaries are a sequence of
   bytes that do not need to follow the structure of a normal Zstandard
   dictionary.

   The *zstd_dict* argument is a :class:`ZstdDict` instance with
   the :attr:`~ZstdDict.dict_content` containing the raw dictionary contents.

   The *samples* argument (an iterable of bytes), contains sample data for
   generating the Zstandard dictionary.

   The *dict_size* argument, an integer, is the maximum size (in bytes) the

>    Zstandard dictionary should be. Please see :func:`train_dict` for

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   Zstandard dictionary should be. See :func:`train_dict` for
```

   suggestions on the maximum dictionary size.

   The *level* argument (an integer) is the compression level expected to be
   passed to the compressors using this dictionary. The dictionary information
   varies for each compression level, so tuning for the proper compression
   level can make compression more efficient.

.. class:: ZstdDict(dict_content, /, *, is_raw=False)

   A wrapper around Zstandard dictionaries. Dictionaries can be used to improve
   the compression of many small chunks of data. Use :func:`train_dict` if you
   need to train a new dictionary from sample data.

   The *dict_content* argument (a :term:`bytes-like object`), is the already
   trained dictionary information.

   The *is_raw* argument, a boolean, is an advanced parameter controlling the
   meaning of *dict_content*. ``True`` means *dict_content* is a "raw content"
   dictionary, without any format restrictions. ``False`` means *dict_content*
   is an ordinary Zstandard dictionary, created from Zstandard functions, e.g.

>    :func:`train_dict` or the ``zstd`` CLI.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   is an ordinary Zstandard dictionary, created from Zstandard functions,
   for example, :func:`train_dict` or the ``zstd`` CLI.
```

    .. attribute:: dict_content

        The content of the Zstandard dictionary, a ``bytes`` object. It's the
        same as the *dict_content* argument in the ``__init__`` method. It can
        be used with other programs, such as the ``zstd`` CLI program.

    .. attribute:: dict_id

>         Identifier of the Zstandard dictionary, a int value between 0 and .

Reviewer 6: Incomplete sentence:
```suggestion
        Identifier of the Zstandard dictionary, an int value between zero and .
```

Author: Hm, there was another incomplete sentence above too. I think these might have been mangled in a review suggestion (or perhaps in a change I made?), I'll take a look at past commits.

        Non-zero means the dictionary is ordinary, created by Zstandard
        functions and following the Zstandard format.

        ``0`` means a "raw content" dictionary, free of any format restriction,
        used for advanced users.

        .. note::

>             The meaning of ``0`` for :attr:`ZstdDict.dict_id` is different from

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
            The meaning of ``0`` for :attr:`!ZstdDict.dict_id` is different from
```

            the ``dictionary_id`` argument to the :func:`get_frame_info`
            function.

    .. attribute:: as_digested_dict

        Load as a digested dictionary, see below.

    .. attribute:: as_undigested_dict

        Load as an undigested dictionary.

        Digesting a dictionary is a costly operation. These two attributes can
        control how the dictionary is loaded to the compressor, by passing them

>         as the ``zstd_dict`` argument, e.g.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        as the ``zstd_dict`` argument, for example,
```

        ``compress(data, zstd_dict=zd.as_digested_dict)``.

        If don't use one of these attributes, an **undigested** dictionary is

>         passed by default.

Reviewer 6: "If don't use" -- some missing words here? Or reword the sentence?

Author: I re-wrote this section because it could use some attention.

                | ``strategy``,
                | ``enable_long_distance_matching``,
                | ``ldm_hash_log``, ``ldm_min_match``,
                | ``ldm_bucket_size_log``,
                | ``ldm_hash_rate_log``, and some
                | non-public parameters.
              - No
            * - | ZstdDict internally
                | caches the dictionary
              - | Yes. It's faster when
                | loading a digested
                | dictionary again with the same
                | compression level.
              - | No. If you wish to load an undigested
                | dictionary multiple times,
                | consider reusing a
                | compressor object.

        A **digested** dictionary is used for decompression by default, which
        is faster when loaded multiple times.

Advanced parameter control
--------------------------

.. class:: CompressionParameter()

   An :class:`~enum.IntEnum` containing the advanced compression parameter
   names that can be used when compressing data.

   The :meth:`~.bounds` method can be used on any attribute to get the valid
   values for that parameter.

>    Setting any parameter to "0" causes zstd to dynamically select a value

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   Setting any parameter to zero causes zstd to dynamically select a value
```

   for that parameter based on other compression parameters' settings.

   .. method:: bounds()

      Return the tuple of int bounds, ``(lower, upper)``, of a compression
      parameter. This method should be called on the attribute you wish to
      retrieve the bounds of. For example, to get the valid values for
      :attr:`~.compression_level`, one may check the result of
      ``CompressionParameter.compression_level.bounds()``.

      Both the lower and upper bounds are inclusive.

   .. attribute:: compression_level

      A high-level means of setting other compression parameters that affect

>       the speed and ratio of compressing data. Setting the level to 0 uses the

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      the speed and ratio of compressing data. Setting the level to zero uses the
```

      default :attr:`COMPRESSION_LEVEL_DEFAULT`.

   .. attribute:: window_log

      Maximum allowed back-reference distance the compressor can use when

>       compressing data, expressed as power of 2, ``1 << window_log`` bytes. This

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      compressing data, expressed as power of two, ``1 << window_log`` bytes. This
```

      parameter greatly influences the memory usage of compression. Higher
      values require more memory but gain better compression values.

   .. attribute:: hash_log

>       Size of the initial probe table, as a power of 2. The resulting memory

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      Size of the initial probe table, as a power of two. The resulting memory
```

      usage is ``1 << (hash_log+2)`` bytes. Larger tables improve compression
      ratio of strategies <= :attr:`~Strategy.dfast`, and improve compression
      speed of strategies > :attr:`~Strategy.dfast`.

   .. attribute:: chain_log

>       Size of the multi-probe search table, as a power of 2. The resulting

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      Size of the multi-probe search table, as a power of two. The resulting
```

      memory usage is ``1 << (chain_log+2)`` bytes. Larger tables result in
      better and slower compression. This parameter has no effect for the
      :attr:`~Strategy.fast` strategy. It's still useful when using
      :attr:`~Strategy.dfast` strategy, in which case it defines a secondary
      probe table.

   .. attribute:: search_log

>       Number of search attempts, as a power of 2. More attempts result in

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      Number of search attempts, as a power of two. More attempts result in
```

      better and slower compression. This parameter is useless for
      :attr:`~Strategy.fast` and :attr:`~Strategy.dfast` strategies.

   .. attribute:: min_match

      Minimum size of searched matches. Larger values increase compression and
      decompression speed, but decrease ratio. Note that Zstandard can still
      find matches of smaller size, it just tweaks its search algorithm to look

>       for this size and larger. Note that currently, for all strategies

Reviewer 6: Everything in these (versioned) docs should be "currently", no need to say so unless it's changing.

```suggestion
      for this size and larger. Note that for all strategies
```

      < :attr:`~Strategy.btopt`, the effective minimum is ``4``, for all

>       strategies > :attr:`~Strategy.fast`, the effective maximum is ``6``.

Reviewer 6: Two "Note that" here, can we remove or reword one?

Author: Yeah I was going to just delete the second "Note that currently"

      :attr:`~Strategy.btultra2`, the value is the length of a match
      considered "good enough" to stop searching. Larger values make
      compression ratios better, but compresses slower.

      For strategy :attr:`~Strategy.fast`, it is the distance between match
      sampling. Larger values make compression faster, but with a worse
      compression ratio.

   .. attribute:: strategy

      The higher the value of selected strategy, the more complex the
      compression technique used by zstd, resulting in higher compression
      ratios but slower compression.

      .. seealso:: :class:`Strategy`

   .. attribute:: enable_long_distance_matching

      Long distance matching can be used to improve compression for large
      inputs by finding large matches at greater distances. It increases memory
      usage and window size.

      Enabling this parameter increases default
      :attr:`~CompressionParameter.window_log` to 128 MiB except when expressly
      set to a different value. This setting is enabled by default if
      :attr:`~CompressionParameter.window_log` >= 128 MiB and the compression

>       strategy >= :attr:`~Strategy.btopt` (compression level 16+).

Reviewer 6: Don't link the second one in the same paragraph: 
```suggestion
      Enabling this parameter increases default
      :attr:`~CompressionParameter.window_log` to 128 MiB except when expressly
      set to a different value. This setting is enabled by default if
      :attr:`!window_log` >= 128 MiB and the compression
      strategy >= :attr:`~Strategy.btopt` (compression level 16+).
```
https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#links

   .. attribute:: ldm_hash_log

>       Size of the table for long distance matching, as a power of 2. Larger

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      Size of the table for long distance matching, as a power of two. Larger
```

      values increase memory usage and compression ratio, but decrease
      compression speed.

   .. attribute:: ldm_min_match

      Minimum match size for long distance matcher. Larger or too small values
      can often decrease the compression ratio.

   .. attribute:: ldm_bucket_size_log

      Log size of each bucket in the long distance matcher hash table for
      collision resolution. Larger values improve collision resolution but
      decrease compression speed.

   .. attribute:: ldm_hash_rate_log

      Frequency of inserting/looking up entries into the long distance matcher
      hash table. Larger values improve compression speed. Deviating far from
      the default value will likely result in a compression ratio decrease.

   .. attribute:: content_size_flag

      Uncompressed content size will be written into frame header whenever
      known. This flag currently has no effect.

> 

Reviewer 6: If this has no effect, I'm wondering if we need to document this. Do we even need it in the API?

Author: I think I would like to make this take effect and update this in a future PR. Happy to remove from the docs for now.

Reviewer 2: That would be best IMO.

   .. attribute:: checksum_flag

>       A 4-byte checksum using XXHash64 of the uncompressed content is written

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      A four-byte checksum using XXHash64 of the uncompressed content is written
```

      at the end of each frame. Zstandard's decompression code verifies the
      checksum. If there is a mismatch a :class:`ZstdError` exception is
      raised.
   .. attribute:: dict_id_flag

      When compressing with a :class:`ZstdDict`, the dictionary's ID is written
      into the frame header.

   .. attribute:: nb_workers

      Select how many threads will be spawned to compress in parallel. When

>       :attr:`~.nb_workers` >= 1, enables multi-threaded compression, 1

Reviewer 6: Don't link to self:
```suggestion
      :attr:`!nb_workers` >= 1, enables multi-threaded compression, 1
```

      Both the lower and upper bounds are inclusive.

   .. attribute:: window_log_max

      The power of two maximum size of the window used during decompression.
      This can be useful to limit the amount of memory used when decompressing
      data.

.. class:: Strategy()

   An :class:`~enum.IntEnum` containing strategies for compression.
   Higher-numbered strategies correspond to more complex and slower
   compression.

   .. note::

      The values of attributes of :class:`Strategy` are not necessarily stable
      between zstd versions. Only the ordering may be relied upon.

   The following strategies are available:

   .. attribute:: fast

   .. attribute:: dfast

   .. attribute:: greedy

   .. attribute:: lazy

   .. attribute:: lazy2

   .. attribute:: btlazy2

   .. attribute:: btopt

   .. attribute:: btultra

   .. attribute:: btultra2

Miscellaneous
-------------

.. function:: get_frame_info(frame_buffer)

   Retrieve a :class:`FrameInfo` object containing metadata about a Zstandard
   frame. Frames contain metadata related to the compressed data they hold.

.. class:: FrameInfo

   Metadata related to a Zstandard frame. There are currently two attributes

>    containing metadata related to Zstandard frames.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   Metadata related to a Zstandard frame. There are two attributes
   containing metadata related to Zstandard frames.
```
Fine to leave a count, but these are often things forgotten when adding a new one :)
```suggestion
   Metadata related to a Zstandard frame. Here are the attributes
   containing metadata related to Zstandard frames.
```
Or perhaps remove altogether:
```suggestion
   Metadata related to a Zstandard frame.
```

   .. attribute:: decompressed_size

      The size of the decompressed contents of the frame.

   .. attribute:: dictionary_id

      An int object representing the Zstandard dictionary ID needed for
      decompressing the frame. ``0`` means the dictionary ID was not
      recorded in the frame header, the frame may or may not need a dictionary
      to be decoded, or the ID of such a dictionary is not specified.

.. attribute:: COMPRESSION_LEVEL_DEFAULT

>    The default compression level for Zstandard, currently '3'.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   The default compression level for Zstandard: '3'.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The default compression level for Zstandard: ``'3'``.
```
Since it is the return value, unless it is an integer than this is much better:
```suggestion
   The default compression level for Zstandard: ``3``.
```

   with zstd.open("file.zst") as f:
       file_content = f.read()

Creating a compressed file:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd
   data = b"Insert Data Here"
   with zstd.open("file.zst", "w") as f:
       f.write(data)

Compressing data in memory:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd
   data_in = b"Insert Data Here"
   data_out = zstd.compress(data_in)

Incremental compression:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd
   comp = zstd.ZstdCompressor()
   out1 = comp.compress(b"Some data\n")
   out2 = comp.compress(b"Another piece of data\n")
   out3 = comp.compress(b"Even more data\n")
   out4 = comp.flush()
   # Concatenate all the partial results:
   result = b"".join([out1, out2, out3, out4])

Writing compressed data to an already-open file:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd
   with open("file.zst", "wb") as f:
       f.write(b"This data will not be compressed\n")
       with zstd.open(f, "w") as zstf:
           zstf.write(b"This *will* be compressed\n")
       f.write(b"Not compressed\n")

Creating a compressed file using compression parameters:

.. code-block:: python

>    from compression import zstd

Reviewer 6: Perhaps a newline after imports for readability?
```suggestion
   from compression import zstd

   with zstd.open("file.zst") as f:
       file_content = f.read()

Creating a compressed file:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd

   data = b"Insert Data Here"
   with zstd.open("file.zst", "w") as f:
       f.write(data)

Compressing data in memory:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd

   data_in = b"Insert Data Here"
   data_out = zstd.compress(data_in)

Incremental compression:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd

   comp = zstd.ZstdCompressor()
   out1 = comp.compress(b"Some data\n")
   out2 = comp.compress(b"Another piece of data\n")
   out3 = comp.compress(b"Even more data\n")
   out4 = comp.flush()
   # Concatenate all the partial results:
   result = b"".join([out1, out2, out3, out4])

Writing compressed data to an already-open file:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd

   with open("file.zst", "wb") as f:
       f.write(b"This data will not be compressed\n")
       with zstd.open(f, "w") as zstf:
           zstf.write(b"This *will* be compressed\n")
       f.write(b"Not compressed\n")

Creating a compressed file using compression parameters:

.. code-block:: python

   from compression import zstd

```

   Iteration and the :keyword:`with` statement are supported.

   The following method and attributes are also provided:

   .. method:: peek(size=-1)

      Return buffered data without advancing the file position. At least one
      byte of data will be returned, unless EOF has been reached. The exact
      number of bytes returned is unspecified (the *size* argument is ignored).

      .. note:: While calling :meth:`peek` does not change the file position of
         the :class:`ZstdFile`, it may change the position of the underlying
         file object (for example, if the :class:`ZstdFile` was constructed by
         passing a file object for *file*).

   .. attribute:: mode

      ``'rb'`` for reading and ``'wb'`` for writing.

   .. attribute:: name

      The name of the Zstandard file. Equivalent to the :attr:`~io.FileIO.name`
      attribute of the underlying :term:`file object`.

Compressing and decompressing data in memory
--------------------------------------------

.. function:: compress(data, level=None, options=None, zstd_dict=None)

   Compress *data* (a :term:`bytes-like object`), returning the compressed
   data as a :class:`bytes` object.

>    The *level* argument is an int object controlling the level of

Reviewer 5: Why "int object"? Why not simply "integer"?

There are many other occurrences.

Author: I switched to "integer" to use simple language.

   the compression of many small chunks of data. Use :func:`train_dict` if you
   need to train a new dictionary from sample data.

   The *dict_content* argument (a :term:`bytes-like object`), is the already
   trained dictionary information.

   The *is_raw* argument, a boolean, is an advanced parameter controlling the
   meaning of *dict_content*. ``True`` means *dict_content* is a "raw content"
   dictionary, without any format restrictions. ``False`` means *dict_content*
   is an ordinary Zstandard dictionary, created from Zstandard functions,
   for example, :func:`train_dict` or the external :program:`zstd` CLI.

   When passing a :class:`!ZstdDict` to a function, the
   :attr:`!as_digested_dict` and :attr:`!as_undigested_dict` attributes can
   control how the dictionary is loaded by passing them as the ``zstd_dict``
   argument, for example, ``compress(data, zstd_dict=zd.as_digested_dict)``.
   Digesting a dictionary is a costly operation that occurs when loading a
   Zstandard dictionary. When making multiple calls to compression or
   decompression, passing a digested dictionary will reduce the overhead of
   loading the dictionary.

>     .. list-table:: Difference for compression

Reviewer 5: I think that simple nested item lists would look better here. Maybe not even nested item lists, just an item lists with two or three paragraphs in every item.

Author: Sorry, I'm not sure I understand what you have in mind, perhaps it can be resolved in a follow-up?

      A value of zero causes the value to be selected automatically.

   .. attribute:: target_length

      The impact of this field depends on the selected :class:`Strategy`.

      For strategies :attr:`~Strategy.btopt`, :attr:`~Strategy.btultra` and
      :attr:`~Strategy.btultra2`, the value is the length of a match
      considered "good enough" to stop searching. Larger values make
      compression ratios better, but compresses slower.

      For strategy :attr:`~Strategy.fast`, it is the distance between match
      sampling. Larger values make compression faster, but with a worse
      compression ratio.

      A value of zero causes the value to be selected automatically.

   .. attribute:: strategy

      The higher the value of selected strategy, the more complex the
      compression technique used by zstd, resulting in higher compression
      ratios but slower compression.

      .. seealso:: :class:`Strategy`

   .. attribute:: enable_long_distance_matching

      Long distance matching can be used to improve compression for large
      inputs by finding large matches at greater distances. It increases memory
      usage and window size.

>       ``True`` or ``0`` enable long distance matching while ``False`` or ``1``

Reviewer 5: This is VERY counterintuitive and error prone.

Author: Fortunately it is a typo :)

Thanks for catching this

Author: I fixed the 3 instances of this.

   .. attribute:: ldm_min_match

      Minimum match size for long distance matcher. Larger or too small values
      can often decrease the compression ratio.

      A value of zero causes the value to be selected automatically.

   .. attribute:: ldm_bucket_size_log

      Log size of each bucket in the long distance matcher hash table for
      collision resolution. Larger values improve collision resolution but
      decrease compression speed.

      A value of zero causes the value to be selected automatically.

   .. attribute:: ldm_hash_rate_log

      Frequency of inserting/looking up entries into the long distance matcher
      hash table. Larger values improve compression speed. Deviating far from
      the default value will likely result in a compression ratio decrease.

      A value of zero causes the value to be selected automatically.

   .. attribute:: checksum_flag

      A four-byte checksum using XXHash64 of the uncompressed content is
      written at the end of each frame. Zstandard's decompression code verifies
      the checksum. If there is a mismatch a :class:`ZstdError` exception is
      raised.

>       ``True`` or ``0`` enable checksum generation while ``False`` or ``1``

Reviewer 5: Again!
